- Will, uh, heard that there
was somebody in the audience
he wanted to meet, right?
- Yes, there's someone here
I want to meet.
Her name is, uh,
Shani Glasby.
- Shani--
[laughter]
She was in
"The Price Is Right."
All right.
- Hi!
[cheers and applause]
- How are you?
- How you doing?
[inaudible chatter]
- Hi, Ellen.
- Hi.
- How are you?
- Here, have a seat, Shani.
Have a seat.
- All right, [laughter].
- Hi.
- Do I have--do I have a mic?
- You have a mic, here.
Oh, you have to switch chairs.
- Okay.
- All right, we'll switch.
Okay.
- There's a mic in that chair.
- So we'll--
we'll attach her to that mic.
- Sit there.
Wait, but, no, then maybe
you should sit--
- Okay, and then I'll sit here.
- And next to me,
maybe you should go--
maybe you should--
okay.
- What happened
to the mic?
All right, well.
- You got--
- All right.
- Wait, hold on.
- We're out of time.
[laughter]
Be kind to one another.
Bye.
[laughter]
- All right, here we go.
- Okay, you got it?
Yeah, this'll work.
- There we go.
- All right, surprise.
This is a planned surprise.
- That went well, Ellen.
- All right, right.
You're gonna go here now.
- Okay, we'll go back.
All right.
- I'll go here.
- You got that, yes.
- All right.
Whoo.
- Oh, my gosh.
We figured that out.
- Geez.
- Oh, man.
- I'm exhausted.
- Me too.
That's the most I've worked
in a long time.
- You are so high maintenance.
- Oh, see, I can't help it.
- Hi, Shani.
- Hi.
Tell, uh, tell everybody
why you wanted to meet Shani.
- Well, so, Shani is--
is a third grade teacher,
and, uh, you know,
I've been checking you out.
I got--I got my folks
checking on you.
- Oh, okay.
- And, uh, Shani, the--
their--her children
didn't have afterschool programs
at the school,
so she put it together herself.
And she--how many--
how many kids is it
in the program?
- It has 28 kids right now.
- 28 kids.
- So it's a step--
explain what step is.
- A step team
is basically a group of people
who get together
and they use their entire body
as an instrument.
- Mm-hmm.
And the make sounds and rhythms
with hand clapping
foot stomping, you know.
- Ooh.
Things like that.
- Ooh, stop playing.
Stop playing, girl.
Stop playing.
[laughter]
- All right.
- You know, so I saw--
I saw this story and, uh,
so Ellen and I talked about it.
So we--we want to be a part
of helping you out.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Why did you start this
in the first place?
- Well I started it because
the kids in our school--
we have a Title I school,
and so the children
just go home and go to school
and that's all they do.
And so I wanted to do something
where they felt like
they belong.
- Right.
- And I really wanted
the kids to learn how
to believe in themselves.
So I just started something
where the kids
can just work hard,
get good grades,
you know,
have good behavior.
And just something
that makes them feel
like they're
a part of something.
- What's amazing, Shani,
is that, you know,
and even though
you don't need instruments
you're using your hands
and your body as instruments
it still costs like $70
for a pair of shoes
to do this, right?
- Yes.
And like a lot of teachers
you were using your own money
and spending your own money
to help these kids
so that they have shoes, right?
- Absolutely, yup.
- You have to do
what you have to do.
- All right, well--
so you don't know this.
We surprised you
calling you down here.
We also surprised you because
your kids are here.
So we're gonna watch them.
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
[cheering]
- Come on.
- Oh!
Oh!
- For Ellen!
[clapping in rhythm]
[clapping and stomping
in rhythm]
- Ellen.
all: Be generous.
Be kind
to one another.
[cheers and applause]
- Oh, my God.
- Shani, uh,
our friends at Shutterfly
think you're a game changer
as well
and they want to give you
a check for $10,000.
[cheers and applause]